Hi everyone. It's Tuesday, April the
14th in the afternoon. My name is
Anne-Marie Band and this is
the money ball late afternoon report. I
don't normally give you these and we
don't normally do it from Thinkorswim,
but I want to show you something very
interesting. What we're staring down and
we're going to look at the E
S here
and we're going to see that our high is
7,043.
We're a mere
40 points away.
When price action moves like this,
fast moves tend to break down. Now
notice, this was a pretty fast move and
it broke down in the other direction. So
it completely recovered. We have the
same thing going here. So could a grind
to the north continue? Yes.
It could. Statistically speaking, it is
likely to be very choppy, but it could
continue to move up. Let's take a look
at how the morning opened up and the
things that I want you to remember
when
you're staring these patterns down.
And the first thing is
what I have going on here is the
following.
Okay, but wow, that was a lot bell. I
didn't mean to have it that long. But
how look what's going on.
Remember, there are four candlesticks
that I look at.
The last 30 minutes of the trading day,
regular trading hours.
The Globex opening 30 minutes.
The 4:00 a.m.
opening candle, 30-minute candle. The
9:30 opening candle. And for those of
you that intraday trade with me, you
know I look at the 1-minute candle. So
here is the structure.
If you open
and have a Globex candle and have a
4-hour candle that is higher than a
Globex candle and a 9-hour the 9:30
candle higher than the 4:00 a.m. candle,
it's very likely to be a trend day. And
indeed it was.
Yesterday
we saw the same thing when it opened up,
very sideways, sat inside of this
30-minute formation
until 2:30 in the morning and then it
broke.
Look at where the Globex was.
So the Globex opened up above the
closing 30-minute. That's one.
So that's really strong. Here's the 4:00
a.m.
And then here's the 9:30, all Eastern
times.
And what did it give us?
An update. A lot of traders
tried to short today.
Really bad idea, but I want to promise
you that if you look at this structure,
3:30 Eastern,
6:00 p.m. Eastern,
4:00 a.m. Eastern, 9:30 Eastern and you
look at those 9:30s and they stack on
top of each other,
nine times out of 10, it is a trending
day. Now,
whatever you use,
TradingView, whatever,
TrendSpider, whatever, you can build
nice little structures that can draw
this out or you can do it
on your own every single morning. But
keep this in mind. Don't short if you're
above the VWAP in price and you have
series of candlesticks that are moving
in higher lows. Pullbacks will be buys
because guess who's compelled to buy? I
tell you this all the time. Who's
compelled to buy?
The sellers because they're getting
their necks stepped on.
So here we are back above 7,000.
I don't know. What is it
How many days ago were we like at 6,300
or something?
Yeah, we were 6,300
Oh my goodness, 15, 16 days ago.
Yeah. Uh that's a lot of points.
Let's take a look at the NQ.
Now what I have drawn here are pivots.
They give me structural targets, but
again,
it's the same sort of thing.
I have no idea why the Oh, cuz I'm on an
hourly chart. Knucklehead.
Yeah, knucklehead.
Yeah, sorry.
Let's take a look.
Structural rotation?
Same thing.
30-minute,
6:00 p.m., 30-minute closing, that's
3:30 Eastern, 6:00 p.m. Eastern, 4:00
a.m. Eastern, 9:30 Eastern.
If they're stepping on top of each other
as stepstools, the breakaway is
very bullish when the structure works
like this.
Literally
nine times out of 10, if this is your
building structure, you have got
yourself bullish pressure. We're jammed
right up against the call walls for the
month.
Put walls very far below us. They're
going to start rolling them up trying to
make some money. They're unwinding all
their puts cuz they don't need them
anymore and that's causing price action
to continue to go to the north. So what
do you have to watch for tonight?
How do we open relative to that
30-minute candle?
Does it break out? Does it move back? If
it moves back, start looking for your
pivot.
Start looking for the prior day's price
action event. Okay? Super important. We
have negative divergence, but the trend
is very sharp. So negative divergence
only tells you where they're going to
buy.
The tighter you get on your time frame,
of course you know my favorites, the
200,
comes right into the edge and walks it
up.
This sort of rotation, this is why I
love the 200 so much.
Right? Some of you like using the 200
exponential. I'm just going to use a
simple moving average because I
literally I'm a simple woman. Okay, well
my husband would disagree, but I'm not
going to treat the charts like him. It's
not the same thing at all. Okay, so
let's first, let me show you what's
going on with the dollar.
Let's go to a 30-minute.
I expected the dollar to hold $98.50
and guess what? It did not.
Same structural rotation.
Opening range, breakdown, breakdown.
Here
we have the motion,
but it's far away from that moving
average and when it doesn't break down
further,
it tells you, all right, what it's
probably going to do is try to come back
in to the 4-hour candle because that's
where that 50 simple moving average is.
Now, this is not a tradeable index. For
the tradeable index, you might look at
uh
Is that right?
No.
6E, right? Let's use the
the euro.
So here it is. This one's breaking out.
It's the first high it's had in a while,
particularly a while. And so this one's
breaking out.
Also flattening into the edge of the
day. This is very important. It's either
taking a breath and heading higher,
which will push the dollar lower, or
it's going to mean revert back into the
prior day's pivot at and the prior day's
200.
Notice.
Price action event, it's been a while
since it hit the 200.
That was
April the 7th
and since then it's kept on the rise,
mean reversion here. I expect a little
bit more mean reversion coming in. It
could give the dollar bounce. That's
going to change the face of a couple of
different things. First thing, oil.
Oil did a good job fading today.
Really nice job fading today.
Running inversely to the market.
I think Topstep has a correlation matrix
there. I'll have to check it out. Very
interestingly, that 1-minute correlation
really flips back and forth very
quickly, but the TopstepX platform does
have a correlation coefficient for
anything you want to measure it against.
It's It's not a bad thing. So here we
are at the 92 area. It is support level
two.
Tomorrow's pivot is 9374. That's
something that we're going to have to
watch.
If we look at it on a daily,
if you're expecting oil
to head back down to 60 or 50,
I would take the other side of that bet
all day long
simply because
we've got an energy problem and it's
going to show its head worse. Now, you
know I believe it is going to 85. If it
goes to 85 and the markets run
inversely, we're going to break out to
brand new all-time highs. Now, there's a
guy that I follow on
X and I can't remember his name, but he
does Elliott Wave things and so he said
something like
7023 and then 7067. I'll have to look it
up and double check.
And that could bring oil right back down
into this 85 area.
I'd like to see how it behaves there. I
think it's going to be viable in that
zone.
Could it take one day to get there?
Well, sure hope not because these fast
moves easily can retrace easily. Okay,
so
here's gold, dollar really down, euro
moving up. The dollar's going to excuse
me, gold is going to move in the
direction of the euro.
Here we are, 4867.
Where are we likely to go? On the daily,
the 50 200 below us, 50 above us. This
is normally ping-pong action.
So, perhaps we are looking at a test of
4997 all the way to 5050.
And then we're going to have ourselves
some sideways rotation. Let's go to 30
minute and see what that looks like.
Very nice trend, again.
If you're thinking this is some kind of
anomaly
prior day 30 minute.
Globex open, prior day closing 30
minute. Some people will say, "Gold
doesn't even close then."
Yeah, I hear you. The pattern still
works. So, there you have it.
I'm just going to follow the pattern.
I am.
I hear you that well, all the volumes
over here. Yes, but that's also in the 9
8 9:30 candle. Gold doesn't even open up
at 9:30. I know, it doesn't matter.
That's where the major volume is for
them planting a flag.
Believe me, don't believe me, use it,
don't use it, it's up to you. I'm just
telling you what I use. Okay? Prior 3:30
day, Globex open 4:00 a.m. 9:30, all
Eastern times. They stack on top of each
other.
It's going to be a bullish day.
It is.
So, there you have it. What are we
looking at tomorrow? Well, pivot well
below price.
We see the closing 30 minute rotation.
Moving averages say dips are buys. And
so, dips are going to be buys until we
stop making newer highs.
And that's the only way to go. Listen,
as we come back, well, let's do spy
first. This is important.
Spy
uh s 690
was this big fat hairy number everybody
was looking at.
Just outrageous. Very important number.
It blew through it. I mean, it did sit
there
for a little bit after it broke it, but
by and large, it just moved up past 690
and that was all she wrote.
This area gives us price extension all
the way to 700. Every single call wall
got busted out today. And remember,
when you hit a call wall
and you breach it,
remember the call wall is short calls.
So, if it breaches and it doesn't fall
back down, the negative structure of
your negative
selling the call wall, you have to buy
it so that you don't keep losing money.
And so, that's what the traders had to
do after the breach of this wall and it
just gave us more expansion.
It just gave us more expansion. Now,
because all of the zero DTEs expire,
we're going to unwind again and then
we'll see something else brand new
showing up, but dips are clearly buys.
Where could the dip come into?
I don't know what kind of volume we had
today cuz I was away from the charts,
but it certainly looks like less than
yesterday.
And it would be it would be hard for it
to be more than yesterday. I thought
yesterday had a lot of very big single
orders that I'm not used to seeing and
this
you know, this doesn't look like that.
So, could we easily come back and test
the base of this 30 minute candle? Yes.
Could we come back and test the 200?
Well, ultimately, that's where I want to
buy it. I want to buy it when it comes
into the 200. Comes into the 200, I'm
going to wait for it to stabilize and
then I'm going to run with it. Same sort
of thing in the ES.
Right? We are looking for price action.
Come on, Fred. What you got going on
here?
We're looking for price action to
stabilize either coming into
the 9:30 candle high, 6961,
uh Globex low,
6923,
or if we're lucky over the next few
days, 6860.
And then it'll be another buy because
this is very bullish. It's very very
bullish. Here's the thing, it is not
going straight up.
That's just not the market structure we
have right now.
I don't want you thinking, "Hey,
everything's clear." Of course, the
media is not going to let you think
that. The media is just
selling pictures of all of the horrible
things wrong with the world. And so, I
get that. Listen, there are a lot of
horrible things wrong with the world.
I'm not diminishing that. I'm just
saying, if you focus on what's going on
outside, you're not going to be able to
catch what's going on inside. So, take
care there. All right, I had to put this
up because I saw so many people going,
"What is this? This is garbage,
whatever." No, you know, this is
markets. This is markets. Okay? Take
care. Not going to be able to do a
morning session tomorrow, but I will
have one in the afternoon more than
likely. Just really out of pocket right
now. I'll see you guys soon.